tools.md, before:

# autossh

https://search.brave.com/search?q=autossh

# Borders

https://github.com/FelixKratz/JankyBorders

# Goku

https://github.com/yqrashawn/GokuRakuJoudo

# Helix

https://github.com/helix-editor/helix

# kalker

https://github.com/PaddiM8/kalker

# Karabiner

https://github.com/pqrs-org/Karabiner-Elements

# Nushell

https://github.com/nushell/nushell

# pueue

https://github.com/Nukesor/pueue

# pushover-cli

https://github.com/markus-perl/pushover-cli

# shortcat

https://shortcat.app/

# shortkeys

https://github.com/crittermike/shortkeys

# typst

https://github.com/typst/typst

# typst-preview 

https://github.com/Enter-tainer/typst-preview

# typstfmt

https://github.com/astrale-sharp/typstfmt

# vimium

https://github.com/philc/vimium

# vscode language servers

https://github.com/hrsh7th/vscode-langservers-extracted

`npm i -g vscode-langservers-extracted`

# Yabai

https://github.com/koekeishiya/yabai

# Yazi

https://github.com/sxyazi/yazi

# harper

grammar checker
https://github.com/Automattic/harper

Commit message:

include table of contents generator in tools

tools.md, after:

# autossh

https://search.brave.com/search?q=autossh

# Borders

https://github.com/FelixKratz/JankyBorders

# Goku

https://github.com/yqrashawn/GokuRakuJoudo

# Helix

https://github.com/helix-editor/helix

# kalker

https://github.com/PaddiM8/kalker

# Karabiner

https://github.com/pqrs-org/Karabiner-Elements

# Nushell

https://github.com/nushell/nushell

# pueue

https://github.com/Nukesor/pueue

# pushover-cli

https://github.com/markus-perl/pushover-cli

# shortcat

https://shortcat.app/

# shortkeys

https://github.com/crittermike/shortkeys

# typst

https://github.com/typst/typst

# typst-preview 

https://github.com/Enter-tainer/typst-preview

# typstfmt

https://github.com/astrale-sharp/typstfmt

# vimium

https://github.com/philc/vimium

# vscode language servers

https://github.com/hrsh7th/vscode-langservers-extracted

`npm i -g vscode-langservers-extracted`

# Yabai

https://github.com/koekeishiya/yabai

# Yazi

https://github.com/sxyazi/yazi

# tocgen

generate/annotate pdf with table of contents
https://github.com/Krasjet/pdf.tocgen

# harper

grammar checker
https://github.com/Automattic/harper
